[Applause]
I am your guest host for the night my
name is Neil Patrick Harris you may know
me from a little show called How I Met
Your Mother
my current show I'm doing a series of
unfortunate events I'm also in the
upcoming movie downsizing with Matt
Damon coming out of the 22nd very
exciting easy easy
if you're wondering if Matt Damon is
really as bad as Jimmy says the answer
of course is yes he's garbage Jimmy
asked me to host for him I immediately
said yes I thought he meant at the
Oscars but I guess it's too late to go
back now no in all seriousness I'm very
happy to fill in for Jimmy tonight I am
thrilled
his son Billy's heart operation was a
success
he is recovering very well Jimmy told me
today that the respirator is out he is
eating he is smiling so all good news we
are sending lots of love to all the
kernels Billy is a brave little boy and
it's heart-wrenching literally and I'm
so glad he's doing well I would do
anything for Jimmy I love him and I love
attention I guess I just love hosting
things I've hosted the Tonys four times
I've hosted the Emmys twice I've posted
the Oscars I even worked part time as a
host at the Applebee's in Harlem
bt-dubs the chicken wonton tacos are
half price at happy hour
so save some money I'm what's known in
Hollywood as a triple threat I sing I
dance and I don't sexually harass people
there's only one of us left all they
have people have been asking Neil you're
hosting a late night show are you gonna
make fun of the president of course I'm
required you have to sign a thing when
you come in if you're gonna host you got
to make fun of the president but I'm not
gonna make fun of his politics okay I'm
not gonna pick apart his policies on
health care or taxes I will let other
people do that I am however going to
make fun of the super weird way he spoke
during a press conference this morning
listen to this finally I asked the
leaders of the region politically
religious Israeli and Palestinian Jewish
and Christian and Muslim to join us in
the noble quest for lasting peace thank
you god bless you god bless Israel God
bless the Palestinians and god bless the
United Church thank you very much
[Applause]
is he wearing dentures the only way that
would sound weirder is if we slowed it
down to make him seem like he's drunk
and with that I now present tonight's
edition of drunk Donald Trump
[Music]
yes Israel
god bless the Palestinians and God bless
United
[Music]
[Applause]
hey easy on the Manischewitz Dottie
Oh while we're talking about politics I
do want to mention this video that I saw
this is from a Pennsylvania house state
government committee meeting yesterday
and I think this really sums up how
divided we are in this country right now
a Democrat casually touched the arm of
his fellow Republican committee member
and then things got very uncomfortable
check it out there is a better way to do
this guys we don't have to proceed on
this one
I hear ya I understand there's some hard
feelings with Penrith and Bradford look
I'm a heterosexual I have a wife I love
my wife I don't like men as you might
but don't stop touching me all the time
so I keep your hands to yourself like if
you wanted to touch somebody you have
people on your side of the aisle that
might like it I don't okay chairman
chairman okay we're officially off the
wrath yeah
first of all you don't turn gay if a gay
person touches
we're not like zombies and by the way
the guy who touched him he isn't even
gay he straight and he's married with
four kids
if your issue with him is with him
touching you what do you are you
bringing up sexual orientation dude have
some class you are a state
representative and with all due respect
which is none the only thing that you
are representing with this behavior is
bigoted dumbassery
what else is happening it's a tense time
here in LA as I'm sure you've seen on
the news they're major brush fires
happening here in Southern California
right now more than 80,000 acres have
been burned tens of thousands of people
have been evacuated from their homes
this is what the 405 looked like this
morning the 405 freeway you know how
people say driving in LA is hellish
today it was literally hellish that is
crazy I see it when you say from a
helicopter shot it's but when in your
looking that isn't saying so anyway
thank you to all the firefighters who
are out there right now I do it right
now
so stay safe out there for all of those
who have been displaced by the fires and
need a place to stay guillermo says you
can crash at his place I got plenty
tamales for everybody alright what's
your address put that an uber it just
takes you there it's in the valley
probably I need to know
[Laughter]
hey the holidays are fast approaching
you guys getting into the Christmas
spirit I mean you're shopping I spend
the holidays the way everyone else does
I put on a nice robe some slippers grab
a mug a hot cocoa and I passed the time
by screaming at my servants p.m. oh how
many servants do you have only one what
happened to the other one uh I don't
know they've been back to Mexico
[Applause]
[Laughter]
whole other story there this is the time
of year however parents take their kids
to the mall they put them on Santa's lap
and they hope that they cry to get an
amazing Facebook pic why don't you guys
want to play a game
so Jimmy has a Santa related tradition
here at this show and I am proud to
uphold it tonight the game is this I
will show you a photo of a child
freaking out you will guess if that
child is sitting on Santa's lap or
getting a flu shot ready it's time to
play Santa's lap
I love it all right here we go look at
that look at that sad angry baby what do
you think
oh well there's a lot of strong opinions
about we're sort of divided 50/50 let's
say is it's Santa's lap or flu shot got
it you think you figured it out alright
let's try again
alright we had a headband is that is
that pain is that holiday trauma alright
let's see that was that's pretty
unanimous add in your ride I would be
crying too if everyone else was laughing
at me in that shot the parents all right
oh I got this one
I love how convinced you are but it's
really could be one of the other let's
see that was said both kids hate knowing
Santa Claus Wow all right oh look at
this one flu shot I'm getting a lot of
flu shots a few Santa's laps let's see
what the answer
a woman who looks like Helen Hunt oh my
oh here I mean this girl's really upset
she's passing a stone for something
that's happening flu shot you think all
right here's our last one flu shot or
Santa's lap Vanna some Santa's some flu
shot all right let's see the answer
that's unfortunate look do they do that
these days is that happen alright well
thanks for playing hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
if you enjoyed the video hit subscribe
and if you don't click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die